
1
1. Input: Hi, I am doing good. I went to fishing yesterday and I met alot of people there. Dave was particularly a fun guy, he tought me I don't like my neighbour dogs, they are always barking, Output: ("I don't like")
2. Input: I've been really stressed out lately, work has been piling up, and I just can't seem to catch a break. Oh, by the way, did you hear about that new restaurant downtown? I heard their seafood pasta is amazing!, Output: ("Oh, by the way")
3. Input: Life feels like a constant struggle lately, bills are stacking up, relationships are strained, and I can't shake oL this feeling of despair. Oh, but did I tell you about the time I went fishing with my grandkids last summer? We caught the biggest trout I've ever seen!, Output: ("Oh, but did I tell")
4. Input: I have been feeling great lately as I have been doing exercise lately and its helpoing me to feel confident and enjoy the life, Output: ("No change")
5. Input: The spiderman movie was wonderful, the animations they have used are awsome. I wonder if I am gaining weight, It feels a bit heavy, Output: ("I wonder if")
6. Input: Hey I went to hawai last weekend and it was fun, I get to meet some of my old friends there. I should do more of these trips as I don't have much to do nowadays, Output: ("No change")
7. Input: Hey I hope you will be coming to the party tomorrow, I will be baking your favourite cake and the flight I took from new york to San Francisco was tiring. I don't feel like travelling nowdays, Output: ("and the flight I")
8. Input: It was a wonderful picnic in the park yesterday with the family. I miss my time in the army and all the friends that I made during that time, Output: ("I miss my time")
9. Input: Hey I heard you are going on a world tour and I am so happy for you, you deserve this break The neighbors dog died last week and he his not doing well since then. I am thinking of gifting him a puppy, Output: ("The neighbors dog")
10. Input: Oh it's great that you will be going to the college and will get to study physics I love the pastry shop next street, It makes a tasty but healthy pastries, Output: ("I love the pastry")
11. Input: I really enjoyed our meetup yesterday I am getting a new dog today as I have been feeling a bit lonely for a while now, I will name him courage. I think I have allergy to flowers, I keep sneezing when I am around them, Output: ("I am getting”, “I think I have")
12. Input: The pottery class was amazing, It feel we should do more activities like these. I felt very calm during the whole session, activities like these helps me connect with myself, Output: ("No change")
13. Input: I like the weather today, it is a perfect day to get some sun and enjoy a Ice cream. How do you feel about it?, Output: ("No change")
14. Input: Thanks for introducing me to the pickleball game, I feel its a perfect sport to me as I get to meet new people and it's very fun too, Output: ("No change")
15. Input: Let's plan a vacation to Australia as it will have a war and nice weather there, also we will be able to meet our old friends. I don't like this dark chocolate as it is very bitter, I can't imagine how people like it, Output: ("I don't like this")
16. Input: Did you watch the soccer game yesterday? I told you Messi is goated. The Australian fire news is sad, a lot of wildlife will be lost, we are in 21st century and we still can't avoid these phenomena The food truck on the corner has amazing burritos and the lady selling them is super nice. She even give me extra salad with it for free, Output: ("The Australian fire", "The food truck")
17. Input: The new season of game of Thrones is just mind boggling, Emily Clarke is a great actor I got a post from my bank today that I need to visit them for few updates in my account I think this season deserve was worth all the wait and it really proved that all the hype was real. I don't like going out nowadays due tyo the very cold weather outside, Output: ("I got a post", "I think this season", "I don't like going")
18. Input: I won't be coming to the concert as I am not feeling well I am thinking of getting a cat as I really loved my neighbor’s cat which made me feel that I should get a cat too, Output: ("I am thinking")
19. Input: The standup comedian was amazing, I don't remember not laughing for a second during whole show The jokes were too hilarious and I have already booked for another show I hope that you will join me too, Output: ("No change")
20. Input: Hey did you hear about Claire, I heard she got married last week. Its amazing that she is moving forward in her life. The mangoes I got from the market yesterday are amazing, I am in love with them I think I can survive just on mangoes for rest of my life, Output: ("The mangoes")
21. Input: Today is a fine day and I would like to go out and play some pickleball. I hope I get to play some good games today, Output: ("No change")
22. Input: Today is a great day, I am planning on playing a lot of pickleball today. I hope I get to play some good games. I think the games are much more fun if the players are more competitive, Output: ("No change")
